Are you experiencing slow internet or image errors frequently?
Frequent errors that slow down the Internet or break the screen image
Come on
Accumulating data caches during Internet access can slow down the Internet
An error phenomenon such as a broken screen image may occur
How to fix internet data setting initialization
Run Umbrella Internet Application
Select the option button on the received Internet application
Depending on the state you have set, the position of the option button will move to the left or right
It can be cut
The setting tab of the perforated menu is fascia.
Next , select the Advanced tab
The Advanced Settings menu, please select the bottom one opens the initialization
Touch OK to initialize the data cache
How to use the Internet Tsotsi Log on intern through 8c erasing data
If you do not delete unnecessary cache information and continue to accumulate
You may experience errors such as buckling while using the internet
This can be done by clearing the Internet app's pc data
Touch the Apps button on your desktop
Select the menu with the gear of the spread out
Select General menu
Next tab will appear and I need to make a left-to-right direction.
Go to the All tab and touch the Internet item
Clear data Touch 8 o'clock to finish.
Thank you